Welcome to the exciting world of adventuring (world name pending).
This adventurers guide is designed to aid those who are unfamiliar with the
rigors of the world they now find themselves in. Within the world itself
there are many ways of learning. Numerous guards will be posted who can
answer questions beginning of those asking for 'help'. Most shopkeepers
are also willing to answer those seeking 'help'.
Key areas will typically be marked with signposts. Also, each adventurer
will be outfitted with a bound copy of the Adventurer's First Steps. One
can 'read' a specific chapter to learn more about it, such as 'combat',
'movement', or 'shopping'. More advanced guidebooks can be purchased at
various bookstores, for a price.

For now, what would you like to read about?

[W] - The World
[P] - Playing the Game
[C] - Character Creation
[R] - Playable Races
[?] - Class Roles
[] - Stats and Attributes
[] - Skills and Spells
[]


Chapter on the World:


Chapter on Playing the Game:


Chapter on Character Creation:


Chapter on Playable Races:


Chapter on Class Roles:


Chapter on Stats and Attributes:


Chapter on Skills and Spells:
Every adventurer starts out knowing a few skills and the occasional spell.
As you gain experience, you can train to improve those skills. New skills
may become available through training, quests, or other sources.
Spells are learned in a similar way, but a spell requires talent in a certain
field of magic. These might be in the form of healing, protection, nature,
conjuration, destruction, or other areas.
The more a skill or spell is trained and used, the more adept the person
becomes at using it. This typically makes it more reliable, more powerful,
and more useful. But it also becomes harder to unlock higher facets of a
skill the more you know about it, up to the point where it is considered
fully mastered.

Spells are broken into (num) schools of magic.
Abjuration: Spells that create a barrier, banish, or negate harmful effects.
These spells are often used in the suppression of other magic.

Alteration: Spells that change the fundamental properties of things, reshaping
the world. These spells can affect an items or persons state of being, and
include transformational or transumation effects. 

Conjuration: Spells that call forth astral energy, molding it into a physical
force. These spells may summon creatures from another plane, create objects 
from nothingness, or move people from one location to another.

Divination: Spells that reveal details of an item or person. These spells
are used to glean information, perceive people and places, and uncover the mysteries
of the universe.

Enchantment: Spells that enhance or influence the nature of an item or person. These
spells may attempt to exert control over a person or augment the inherant attributes
of objects.

Evocation: Spells that cause a physical manifestation of force. These spells
typically involve a destructive power, aimed toward harming living or non-living 
things.

Illusion: Spells that involve manipulating the mind and senses of an onlooker. 
These spells typically confuse or mislead others, often involving images or sounds.

Invocation Spells: Spells that bring an outside force to bear. These spells include
many forms of healing magic as well as non-destructive elemental magics.

Mysticism: Spells that unravel the mysteries of the universe, affecting the
laws of nature themselves. 

Necromancy Spells: Spells that effect the life force of a being. These spells are
often referred to as dark magic as they regularly involve the creation or control
of the undead.

Telekinetic Spells: Spells that can move or manipulate objects from a distance